Add scss mixins to provide specific styles for os and color theme (#1)
Naco-UI/naco-svelte: src/lib/components/ThemeProvider/ThemeProvider.docs.mdx

<Canvas>
  <Story of={Stories.Basic} />
</Canvas>

## Theme mixins

> Naco defines mixins that includes prerequisite classes for specific operating system or theme.

Reviewer: Как–то сложно. Может лучше так?

```suggestion
Naco defines mixins that includes basic classes for theming.
```
